RESOLVED: The first issue faced is getting a picture to load in the background.
  The Notebook.css file lists a background image: url"TC10.jpg".
  Putting the image at the same level as the .css file using the name does not show an image when the website is loaded.
  A number of paths were tried: file:///TC10.jpg, etc., but none have worked so far.
  After going to dinner the url on the second line above now appears in the background! I guess the commit is slow to actually propagate.
RESOLVED SORT OF: The second issue is pictures for each of the project webpages. I would like to put the images in a folder named to coincide with the page name.
  I have not figured out how to add a folder. There are thousands of pictures so I need some way to organize them by project.
  I added a new directory by giving a new text file the name: "brassWhistle/test.txt" This created a new directory that I added pictures to.
  The image/picture.jpg names were changed to brassWhistle/picture.jpg and they loaded.
RESOLVED: With the above two issues at least partly solved, another issue has appeared.
  One html file was uploaded, Die Holder.html. For some reason this file won't appear when the link is clicked in Workshop Notebook.html, 
  the index for the site. Other files loaded later appear. I can't find any problems with naming.
  I clearly didn't look very hard as the file name has "holder", while the link had "Holder"!
An incorrect picture was uploaded into a folder. I can find no easy way to delete this photo.
A new issue popped up. Two photos are not appearing in the web page. The titles and the html match perfectly, case and all. They were the 
  last two photos added to the folder for this page. They are not the last to load. I have waited over two hours and still no change. The 
  only thing I can imagine might be a problem is that a web page has an upper limit on the number of photos allowed. This page with the two 
  nonloading photos has 56. 54 seems like a strange limit to set, so maybe that is not the problem.
